---
title: "Daily Podcast #4"
categories:
  - podcasts
tags:
  - language
  - english
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

date: 2025-03-25
last_modified_at: 2025-03-25
comments: true
thumbnail: assets/podcast/HowToBeABetterHuman.jpg
---

## Source 🎧
[**How to cultivate kindness (w/ Richard Weissbourd)**](https://www.ted.com/podcasts/how-to-cultivate-kindness-transcript)  <br>
 \- How to be a better human (TED Audio Collective)

<br><br>

## Sentences ✍️

1. These things are Rick's **bread and butter**.
    - `bread and butter`: Something that is a person's main source of interest, expertise, or livelihood.
    - New sentence: Solving complex math problems is her bread and butter as a tutor.

 
2. A thing that your book, I think really pointed out in a way that **hit home** for me is that it’s not actually about him.
    - `hit home`: To strongly resonate or feel personally relevant.
    - New sentence: The documentary about climate change hit home when I saw its effects in my own neighborhood.

 
3. We’re gonna take a moment to **mull** that **over**, and then after this quick break, we will be right back into it with Rick.
    - `mull over`: To think about or consider something carefully.
    - New sentence: She took a walk to mull over the job offer before deciding.
 

4. So you’re, you know, you’re sort of **swooping in** to resolve minor peer conflicts because you don’t want your kids to be unhappy.
    - `swoop in`: To intervene quickly and decisively, often to help or fix something.
    - New sentence: The teacher swooped in to stop the argument before it escalated.

 
5. Shame sort of **festers in** the self.
    - `fester in`: To linger or worsen over time, often in a negative way.
    - New sentence: His resentment festered in silence after the disagreement.

<br><br>

## Summarization 👀

Chris Duffy hosts Rick Weissbourd on How to Be a Better Human to discuss cultivating kindness and morality. 
Duffy shares a funny memory of working with Weissbourd on videos sparking ethical talks among kids, like Pierce’s tale of sneaking his parents’ phone. Weissbourd, a Harvard professor, revisits his 2009 book, noting stagnant progress in connecting parents and engaging fathers. 
He highlights a parental mental health crisis mirroring teen struggles, worsened by isolation. 
They explore how shame, unlike guilt, reflects self-image more than a child’s actions, urging support to ease it. 

Weissbourd critiques hyper-individualism and the focus on happiness over morality, advocating for collective well-being. He challenges the obsession with elite colleges, recalling his son Jake’s pushback against community pressures. 
Practical tips include prioritizing kindness in parenting and knowing kids deeply rather than over-praising. 
He calls for restoring morality in education and public life, beyond self-esteem or achievement. The episode ends with a plea to share these ideas for moral reflection.
<br><br>