---
title: "Daily Podcast #14"
categories:
  - podcasts
tags:
  - language
  - english
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

date: 2025-04-04
last_modified_at: 2025-04-04
comments: true
thumbnail: assets/podcast/TedTech.jpg
---

## Source 🎧
[**Have we reached the limit of computer power? | Sajan Saini and George Zaidan**](https://podcasts.apple.com/kr/podcast/ted-tech/id470624027?i=1000702146724)  <br>
 \- TED Tech (TED Audio Collective)

<br><br>

## Sentences ✍️

1. The chips and the fascinating challenges of keeping up with Moore's Law, which predicts the **relentless** march of computing power.
   - `relentless`: something that is constant, intense, and does not stop or ease up. It often implies something harsh or unstoppable.
   - New sentence: The team's relentless effort led them to victory.

 
2. But today there are four key problems that **trip up** this trend, potentially ending Moore's Law and fundamentally changing how we make progress in computing.
    - `trip up`: to cause someone or something to make a mistake or face an obstacle. It can also refer to being hindered or disrupted.
    - New sentence: A small typo can trip up an entire computer program.

 
3. Samsung has **pledged** to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 and is focusing on water conservation.
    - `pledge`: to make a serious or formal promise or commitment to do something.
    - New sentence: She pledged to donate part of her salary to environmental charities.
 
<br><br>

## Summarization 👀
Moore’s Law predicted that the number of transistors on a chip would double every one to two years, boosting computing power. For decades, this trend held true, pushing the limits of speed, efficiency, and cost. However, we are now approaching physical and economic limits that challenge this progress.

One issue is transistor size—when transistors become smaller than 20 nanometers, quantum effects cause them to malfunction. Another problem is heat—denser chips generate more heat due to thinner, longer copper wires, impairing performance. Solutions to these issues, like using rare metals such as ruthenium, often worsen the environmental impact.

The third challenge is sustainability. Chip production consumes vast energy and toxic chemicals like PFAs, which harm ecosystems and persist for thousands of years. The fourth issue is cost—manufacturing advanced chips requires machines costing hundreds of millions and months of installation time.

Despite these challenges, the industry is working toward greener practices. Companies like Intel, Samsung, and TSMC have committed to net-zero emissions and renewable energy use. Although semiconductor production remains environmentally costly, innovation and sustainability goals offer hope for a responsible future in computing.
<br><br>