---
title: "Daily Podcast #33"
categories:
  - podcasts
tags:
  - language
  - english
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

date: 2025-04-27
last_modified_at: 2025-04-27
comments: true
thumbnail: assets/podcast/TedTalksDaily.jpeg
---

## Source 🎧
[**How to speak up - even when you don't want to | Sarah Crawford-Bohl**](https://podcasts.apple.com/kr/podcast/ted-talks-daily/id160904630?i=1000704920334)
 \- Ted Talks Daily

<br><br>
## Sentences ✍️

1. A barrier that **muffles** the voice of truth, of advocacy, of change.
   - `muffle`: to make a sound quieter or less clear.
   - New sentence: In the library, we have to muffle our sounds.
 
2. I'm sure we can all think of a time when we faced a crossroads, perhaps the **precipice** of an uncomfortable conversation.
   - `precipice`: a very steep cliff; a situation where you are close to a very dangerous or difficult moment.
   - New sentence: I feel burnt out, as if I'm being ushered to the edge of a precipice.


3. But often I've found it's a bit like **cardio** or weightlifting.
   - `cardio`: physical exercise that raises your heart rate, usually related to improving heart and lung health.
   - New sentence: I do cardio every day to improve my health.
<br><br>


## Summarization 👀
Sarah Crawford-Bohl, a healthcare executive, shares why speaking up during uncomfortable situations is difficult but necessary. She explains that silence can sometimes feel safer, even when speaking out is the right thing to do. Research shows many people would rather leave their jobs than face challenging conversations, especially in high-stakes fields like healthcare where communication is vital.
Crawford-Bohl uses the metaphor of a moral compass, inspired by her late mother, to guide her through difficult moments. She associates the four directions with core values: North for doing the right thing, South for offering support, East for showing empathy, and West for fostering wonder and curiosity.
She recounts a personal story where she chose to speak up when criticized publicly at work, using empathy and curiosity to turn a confrontational moment into a constructive conversation. Over time, she says, speaking up gets easier with practice, much like exercise strengthens the body.
Ultimately, Crawford-Bohl urges listeners to find their voice, even when it’s hard. She emphasizes that courageous conversations can lead to stronger relationships, greater job satisfaction, and meaningful change. By following our internal compass, we can advocate for ourselves and others, making a positive impact in our communities.
<br><br>