---
title: "Daily Podcast #23"
categories:
  - podcasts
tags:
  - language
  - english
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

date: 2025-04-13
last_modified_at: 2025-04-13
comments: true
thumbnail: assets/podcast/CNN10.jpg
---

## Source 🎧
[**Tiny Pacemaker Could Help Youngest Patients**](https://podcasts.apple.com/kr/podcast/cnn-10/id1766786641?i=1000703141865)
 \- CNN 10

<br><br>

## Sentences ✍️

1. We filmed this footage a year ago, while demolitions were still ongoing.
   - `demolition`: The act of destroying a building or structure on purpose, usually with tools or explosives.
   - New sentence: Despite the demolition of that group, I protected the sandcastle I made.

 
2. Symptoms like coughing, runny nose, sore throat, fever, and skin rash are slow to appear, usually 10 to 14 days after exposure.
    - `rash`: Red spots or patches on the skin, usually caused by illness, allergies, or irritation.
    - New sentence: The rash covered my arm, so I have to go see a doctor.
    

3. The measles vaccine was developed in the 1960s and is so effective that measles was declared fully eradicated in the US in 2000.
    - `eradicate`: To completely remove or destroy something bad, like a disease or problem.
    - New sentence: The government should eradicate some unreasonable policies.

<br><br>

## Summarization 👀
The "serial position effect" explains that people tend to remember the first and last items in a series best.

In the U.S., a measles outbreak started in Texas and spread to nearby states like New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Kansas. Measles is extremely contagious but preventable with a vaccine, usually given in two doses during childhood.

Experts worry the outbreak will continue due to low vaccination rates in some areas. The virus can linger in the air for two hours, and an infected person can spread it before showing symptoms.

In the Middle East, Israel ordered six UN schools in East Jerusalem to close, affecting 800 students. In Gaza, war has destroyed 70% of school buildings, and nearly all students have been out of school for over a year.

Israel created a buffer zone along the Gaza border by destroying thousands of buildings and farmland.

Lastly, scientists at Northwestern University developed the world’s smallest pacemaker, smaller than a grain of rice. It can be injected into the body without surgery and dissolves naturally in 6-9 months, offering hope for newborns with heart conditions.
<br><br>