---
title: "Daily Podcast #34"
categories:
  - podcasts
tags:
  - language
  - english
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

date: 2025-04-28
last_modified_at: 2025-04-28
comments: true
thumbnail: assets/podcast/CNN10.jpg
---

## Source 🎧
[**Technology and the Brain**](https://podcasts.apple.com/kr/podcast/cnn-10/id1766786641?i=1000703866880)
 \- CNN 10

<br><br>
## Sentences ✍️

1. But the **apex** predator's diet has put them at risk of toxic contamination.
   - `apex`: the highest point or the top of something; the peak
   - New sentence: We have to make an effort to reach the apex.
 
2. Elephants like these at the San Diego Zoo instinctively create what are called alert circles to protect the **herd** in the face of danger, according to zoo officials.
   - `herd`: a group of animals, especially large ones like cows or elephants, that live or move together
   - New sentence: I want to join that herd where sloths are sleeping.


3. Roosevelt, who once said, **quote**, The only limitation to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today, **unquote**.
   - `quote ... unquote`:  a word said to indicate the end of a quotation
   - New sentence: I kept Nietzsche’s saying in mind, quote, What does not kill me makes me stronger, unquote.
<br><br>


## Summarization 👀
Coy Wire opened the show with a riddle and shared that there are only 64 days left until summer. He introduced the main topic, discussing a study from Texas universities that reviewed the "digital dementia hypothesis." Researchers found no evidence that technology use increases the risk of cognitive decline; instead, it was linked to a 42% lower risk.
However, the researchers warned that mindless scrolling isn’t healthy, and stressed the importance of using technology in ways that stimulate the brain. They noted that findings around social media use were inconsistent, and recommended moderation for all age groups.
In a pop quiz, viewers learned that "orca" comes from the Latin word for the Roman god of the underworld. The show then highlighted research on killer whales, explaining how these apex predators accumulate toxic chemicals through the food chain.
Scientists like Jared Towers are using AI to track and monitor orcas' health, helping conservation efforts. Their work has shown that young whales exposed to high contaminant levels from their mothers have higher mortality rates.
The episode wrapped up with a feel-good story about elephants at the San Diego Zoo forming a protective circle during a recent earthquake. Coy Wire ended the show with an uplifting quote from Franklin D. Roosevelt, encouraging viewers to believe in themselves.
<br><br>