---
title: "Daily Podcast #22"
categories:
  - podcasts
tags:
  - language
  - english
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

date: 2025-04-12
last_modified_at: 2025-04-12
comments: true
thumbnail: assets/podcast/TedTalksDaily.jpeg
---

## Source 🎧
[**Pakour! How the sport keeps your body and mind fit | Taylor Lynn Carpenter**](https://podcasts.apple.com/kr/podcast/ted-talks-daily/id160904630?i=1000702544112)
 \- TED Talks Daily

<br><br>

## Sentences ✍️

1. While everyone encounters **hip-high** barriers, most people walk around them.
   - `hip-high`: as tall as your hips; reaching up to the height of your hips
(= up to your waist level)
   - New sentence: This desk is about hip-high.

 
2. If you need to take a bigger drop, fall off your bike, or **trip over** a curb, the roll is a key skill to know.
    - `trip over`: to catch your foot on something and almost fall or fall down
(= to stumble because you hit something with your foot)
    - New sentence: Be careful not to trip over the step.
    

3. But what if you knew you could easily **vault over**?
    - `vault over`: to jump over something using your hands or a pole for support
(= to leap or spring over an obstacle)
    - New sentence: I can vault over that ugly barrier to get to that spot.
     
<br><br>

## Summarization 👀
Taylor Lynn Carpenter explains that parkour is not just an extreme sport but a practical movement skill for everyone.

She started parkour at 21 to rebuild her strength and confidence after an injury.

Parkour helps people reconnect with natural movements like jumping, climbing, and balancing that many did as children.

It improves functional fitness, making daily activities like squatting, reaching, or getting up from the floor easier and safer.

Basic parkour skills, such as landing, rolling, vaulting, and climbing, can help prevent injuries and build body awareness.

The focus of parkour is not on reckless risk-taking but on respecting and understanding your body’s limits.

Parkour also builds mental resilience by encouraging people to view obstacles as challenges to overcome, not avoid.

For Carpenter, parkour transformed how she navigates urban environments, reducing stress and sparking creativity in movement.

Ordinary objects like benches, walls, and trees become opportunities for play and exploration.

Ultimately, parkour is for everyone, helping people move better, feel more confident, and rediscover joy in overcoming obstacles.
<br><br>