---
title: "Daily Podcast #26"
categories:
  - podcasts
tags:
  - language
  - english
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

date: 2025-04-18
last_modified_at: 2025-04-18
comments: true
thumbnail: assets/podcast/CNN10.jpg
---

## Source 🎧
[**Technology and the Brain**](https://podcasts.apple.com/kr/podcast/cnn-10/id1766786641?i=1000703866880)
 \- CNN 10

<br><br>
## Sentences ✍️

1. If you said orca, you're so money.
   - `You're so money`: You're awesome," "You're impressive," or "You nailed it.
   - New sentence: You're so money for saying that!

 
2. Yeah, I'm just creeping along here at the pierce reefs in the fog, super slow.
    - `creep along`: To move very slowly and carefully, often because of poor visibility, danger, or trying not to disturb something.
    - New sentence: Feeling disappointed, I crept along the path.
    

3. Big killer whales are transients.
    - `transient`: a migratory or wandering individual
    - New sentence: Salmon are transients.
<br><br>


## Summarization 👀
A recent study conducted by two universities in Texas reviewed 57 previous studies to explore the “digital dementia hypothesis,” which questions whether long-term technology use weakens cognitive function. Surprisingly, the analysis found no overall link between using technology and an increased risk of cognitive impairment. Instead, the research showed that regular use of technology was actually associated with a 42% lower risk of cognitive decline. However, the researchers emphasized that this doesn’t mean people should mindlessly scroll on their devices.

The study didn’t provide clear data on the types of technology used or how people were engaging with it, leaving some important questions unanswered. In particular, findings related to social media use were inconsistent, suggesting that not all digital engagement has the same cognitive effects. Still, researchers highlighted that using technology in moderation, especially in ways that encourage mental activity and creativity, can be beneficial.

The episode also explored killer whales, known as orcas, whose scientific name derives from the Roman god of the underworld. These apex predators are at risk due to toxic chemicals they accumulate from their prey, and scientists are using AI tools to monitor their health. The show concluded with a heartwarming story of elephants at the San Diego Zoo forming a protective circle during an earthquake, showing how animals instinctively care for one another in times of danger.
<br><br>