---
title: "Daily Podcast #41"
categories:
  - podcasts
tags:
  - language
  - english
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

date: 2025-05-10
last_modified_at: 2025-05-10
comments: true
thumbnail: assets/podcast/TedHealth.jpeg
---

## Source 🎧
[**Interview: Why you shouldn't trust boredom | Kevin H. Gary**](https://podcasts.apple.com/kr/podcast/ted-health/id470623173?i=1000706471020)
 \- Ted Health (TED Audio Collective)

<br><br>
## Sentences ✍️

1. Gary, a seasoned educator, invites us on a journey through the often-ignored **corridors** of our mind, exploring a topic that we all encounter, yet rarely ponder.
   - `corridor`: A long passage in a building or, metaphorically, a path or space within a complex system such as the mind.
   - New sentence: I was stuck in a corridor of my mind.


2. And I'm gonna offer three takeaways for how to **contend with** boredom well.
   - `contend with`: To deal with or struggle to overcome a problem or challenge.
   - New sentence: I contended with that problem, and eventually, I solved it.


3. I was a high school teacher, and if my students were bored, I was **petrified**, because I was gonna have problems.
   - `petrified`: Extremely scared or frightened; so scared that one feels unable to move.
   - New sentence: I was petrified when I saw something unexpected.
<br><br>


## Summarization 👀
Kevin H. Gary’s TEDx talk explores the concept of boredom and argues that it's more than just a trivial feeling—it’s a mood state that can reveal much about our values, habits, and attention. He describes two common responses to boredom: avoidance, like turning to phones or distractions, and resignation, simply enduring the dullness.
Gary warns against trusting boredom too quickly, as it often leads to misjudgments about people or situations. He encourages viewers to seek a “middle way” by protecting their attention and reflecting on what boredom might be trying to signal. His personal stories demonstrate how initial feelings of boredom can be misleading and how deeper engagement can reveal value and meaning.
Following the talk, Dr. Elizabeth Harstad discusses boredom in children, particularly those with ADHD. She explains that while boredom isn't a core symptom of ADHD, children with the disorder may experience it more intensely and frequently. She emphasizes the importance of consistent routines, behavioral strategies, and, when appropriate, medication to support attention in kids with ADHD.
Dr. Harstad also stresses collaboration between parents and educators, such as using daily report cards, to reinforce positive attention habits. She concludes by expressing optimism for ADHD management, citing ongoing research and growing awareness as key factors in helping children and adults thrive.
<br><br>