---
title: "Daily Podcast #50"
categories:
  - podcasts
tags:
  - language
  - english
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

date: 2025-05-20
last_modified_at: 2025-05-20
comments: true
thumbnail: assets/podcast/LifeKit.jpg
---

## Source 🎧
[**How to lead a more creative life**](https://podcasts.apple.com/kr/podcast/life-kit/id1461493560?i=1000708763407)
 \- Life Kit

<br><br>
## Sentences ✍️

1. To spark ideas, she was reading everything she could get her hands on, and she **stumbled across** work from the 1960s during the space age about creativity.
   - `stumble across`: To find something by accident or unexpectedly while looking for something else.
   - New sentence: I stumbled across an old friend, but I was too surprised to say anything.


2. Creativity exists on a **continuum** for what we call mini C, creativity in the process of learning.
   - `continuum`: A continuous sequence or range where each part is slightly different from the one before, but not clearly separated.
   - New sentence: Language learning exists on a continuum, from basic vocabulary to fluent conversation.


3. That has changed and it **culminated** into a very creative thing, a book called The Creativity Choice, about how creative people can stick with an idea.
   - `culminate`: To reach the highest point or final result of a process.
   - New sentence:, Months of research have culminated in a conclusion, so now I have to begin a new one.
<br><br>


## Summarization 👀
Creativity is not a fixed trait but a choice and skill anyone can grow. Psychologist Zorana Ivcevic Pringle explains that believing we’re “not creative” often prevents us from trying in the first place.
Creativity exists in many forms—from “mini C” (personal learning) to “little C” (everyday creativity), “pro C” (professional innovation), and “big C” (culturally impactful genius). Recognizing these levels helps build creative confidence.
One way to grow creativity is by observing others we identify with and starting small projects to build momentum. Taking inspiration from everyday life and gradually building creative habits can help you develop belief in your abilities.
Contrary to popular belief, creativity often thrives under constraints, which help push original thinking beyond clichés. For example, limiting your tools or focusing on specific memories can lead to more meaningful ideas.
If you hit a creative block, step back, reframe the problem, or treat yourself with compassion as you would a friend. Progress comes from taking action, staying curious, and giving yourself permission to explore creatively—one small step at a time.
<br><br>