---
title: "Daily Podcast #38"
categories:
  - podcasts
tags:
  - language
  - english
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

date: 2025-05-05
last_modified_at: 2025-05-05
comments: true
thumbnail: assets/podcast/CNN10.jpg
---

## Source 🎧
[**A Remote Village in Brazil Gets Internet Access**](https://podcasts.apple.com/kr/podcast/cnn-10/id1766786641?i=1000706343896)
 \- CNN 10

<br><br>
## Sentences ✍️

1. Now that we've kicked off the show with that fun Cinco de Mayo fact, let's **get our minds right** with some knowledge and information.
   - `get one's mind right`: To mentally prepare or focus; to get into the right mindset.
   - New sentence: Before taking the big exam, she took a deep breath to get her mind right.


2. I know everyone wants to talk about, you know, the person with the fancy **diploma** or whatever.
   - `diploma`: A certificate awarded by an educational institution when someone completes a course or program of study.
   - New sentence: He proudly hung his college diploma on the wall of his office.


3. Should the government let some of these students **off the hook**?
   - `off the hook`: To be freed from blame, responsibility, or an obligation.
   - New sentence: The teacher let him off the hook for being late because it was his first time.
<br><br>


## Summarization 👀
The episode starts by explaining that Cinco de Mayo is mainly celebrated in the Mexican state of Puebla and has grown into a cultural celebration of Mexican heritage in the U.S. The show then shifts to the student loan crisis, noting that the pandemic-era pause on federal student loan payments is ending, and borrowers must now resume payments or face consequences.
Some lawmakers, like Senator Elizabeth Warren, argue that parts of the student debt should be forgiven, especially for those who didn’t graduate and are struggling financially. Next, the episode covers a miraculous survival story in Bolivia, where plane crash survivors avoided alligators and lived off chocolate and cassava flour until rescued.
A trivia segment revealed that Belgium was home to the first police dog training center in 1899. Viewers also learn about mine-detecting dogs trained in Bosnia and deployed to war zones like Ukraine, which is now the most landmine-contaminated country in the world.
In Brazil, a remote Amazon village recently got internet access for the first time through Elon Musk's Starlink, bringing big changes to daily life. Meanwhile, in Rio, Lady Gaga drew over 2 million fans for a beach concert, greatly boosting the city’s economy.
Lastly, Olympic gymnast Frederick Richard performed 1,111 backflips in 24 hours to raise money for gymnastics equipment in Uganda. The show ends with a shout-out to a special education class in Illinois and a promise to return with more stories the next day.
<br><br>